and we come back with our harlequin jelly
notice that we already have as we had
Initially made our gelatin
moradita and verdecita but not yet
has this acid itself because we are
accustomed with gelatin as
solution to that with citric acid
we are placing
a little bit of citric acid not much
because citric acid slows down a lot
gelatin set
and a lot doing psychic you would have to
put many islands
Of course, you have to make him feel
in simple here in the mouth if it is
typical of good gelatin I have my
latinas tower of colors I have my
white gelatin that will be the support
and we have here our packaging for
set our gelatins because we have
three if I'm going to make a single jelly
a small one where I'm going to put a
layer of white jelly not very thick
true arrival rather new centimeter
approximately then I will take it to
the fridge and I'm going to let it set and
then there I will place the other
colored jellies cut in
squares because I have these two I'm going
to place a capita berdeak to a
I'm going to let them set
and let's chop it ok diced
is everything and those little boxes are going to go later
on top of our jelly
here we have
here we have our gelatin
this has to be taken to the fridge and
let it curdle
robert I put it sorry robert and
about these containers which already have
egg white so that after better
my gelatin ok and they have clear
egg these also place the clear
of egg and the management card when
is well dry is when I can
use it good I take my jellies
to the fridge and I have of course
some gelatins here
Curd
with colors
and I have some acquaintances prepared by
here, not exactly the same
and then I have the same thing that we had
done before with other colorcito
here I have then my three layers of
jelly the white one of color and one of
eye
all my color gelatin
to unmold gelatin
very important to break the cuticle that
shape
between the gelatins of the world
we put here we spend the finger a little
so that air enters
and we're going to let her fall
she
little by little ok
meanwhile I come with the other and
we repeat the operation break the
cuticle there
between the mold and the gelatin here
we place here
and unmold it should go falling alone
I just let him fall
little the air and dropped it
in the streets and a lot
protocol ok we have here my jelly
white our white jelly better
said already curd
here we are going to add this gelatin as
in squares of course
we take a pizza cut
I do it 2
If I want to be very beautiful and elegant
also that I have here half if I want
try my final
but if I'm in a hurry because I'm
doing as
and I want to finish as soon as possible
because I have ten gelatins ordered
I do it this way
we fix any problem
why
everyone has their rule in the house well
there
with turning so they can see the
I do it to my forehead
of course because known the other way around is
as strange
but well we already know what things
television do not make it so uncomfortable
do it watching if you of course
these are simple things that one already goes
learning with time truth and now
here
and if you are very hurried more quickly
that also serve to decorate me
that I want to put them out and if what
I was going to make such a big jelly
I can put many squares in a
platón that the kids will love
simply eat gelatin squares
and these are what we call the
little worms just the long strip
without finishing chopping
here
this month squares
azulito saw that it is very fast if
we do this way
I have here
let's try forgiveness that we have left
cute infinite while smaller
keep the squares better you know why
it's easier to fill in with the rest
of condensed milk and it's nicer
the finish on the gelatin there
although because he's going to have a lot more of
colour
we flipped
and we finished cutting
this is also nice so just a
cup with a lot of Latin and there are many
negative squares if they are children
small children I mean children
2 years old 3 years old takes his squares and
they are eating them, it seems very
funny
two
we finished cutting
and we have then
by caritas all our pieces
I come with my white jelly but no longer
I have more time left for this moment
really good then let's go to a cut
we are back to finish our
rich gelatin